Dear Colleagues,

I write this message to you with a lot of humility and gratitude. The past two or so months have been challenging for all of us, especially with regards to the many AGMs that were taking place, some concurrently with others. It seemed quite daunting when we were looking at the calendar of events and asking ourselves whether 'tutatoboa'. What made it even more challenging was the possibility of protests in the city, which would make movement very difficult.

Despite all this, we managed to work together in the planning and execution of the AGMs and successfully delivered the meetings to the satisfaction and delight of our clients. This was just phenomenal! I saw you step up and put in your best effort, I saw resilience in the face of uncertainty, I saw ingenuity to deal with any issues that arose, I saw teamwork, I saw new faces attending the AGMs, I saw determination to ensure that we deliver, no matter the circumstances. 

To our colleagues in UG, thank you very much for representing us well and ensuring that the meetings go smoothly, I do appreciate your efforts.

I know that not everyone went for the meetings, so I'd like to give a special thank you to all our colleagues who held the fort, who ensured that normal service to our clients and shareholders continued, whether handling walk-ins or answering calls or responding to emails, whether dealing with dividend payments or immobilizations or transfers. To the admin staff who facilitated and offered support to us, asanteni. You all did very well.

Looking back at what we went through, it is clear to me that we can achieve anything we set out to do, if we approach it as a team, with a plan and with determination and self-belief that we can do it, and this is the mindset that we need to always carry, going forward.

Once more, thank you very much and I'm looking forward to seeing you all on Friday evening. (For Precious and Emmanuel, Jackie will arrange something. So please don't feel left out 🙂)




	  Regards,
  Abdulhaleem K. Mohamed, 
  Chief Executive Officer


	
HEAD OFFICE

UGANDA 

5th; Floor, Absa Towers, Loita Street

1st Floor, Jubilee Insurance Center, Plot 14, Parliament Avenue

P.O.Box 9287- 00100 GPO, Nairobi, Kenya

DL: 0709 170003


P. O. Box 110228 Kampala Uganda

T: +256 762 260 804/+256 758 336 660


T: +254 709 170 000/+254 735 565 666


www.image.co.ke





	
Disclaimer: This email and any of its attachments contain information that is intended solely for the use of the individual or entity to whom it is addressed. If you are not the intended recipient, please notify the sender immediately and delete this email from your system. Any unauthorized use, disclosure, circulation, reproduction or reliance upon the contents of this email is strictly prohibited and may be unlawful.






